hello I'm Carter and today I'm going to
be talking about
octopuses uh did you know that octopuses
actually have three hearts instead of
one heart and the reason why they have
three hearts so they actually use two
their hearts to breathe through their
gills so they're able to swim underwater
and be underwater for so such long
periods then their other heart is
actually what actually runs their body
just kind of like our bodies our heart
runs our body same thing with that third
heart that they have and O octopus is
also actually have blue blood um making
them more like adaptable in water when
it's colder and stuff like that and
then another cool fact about octopuses
so they're they can actually stop their
heart um making them consume less energy
that's why you always see them kind of
on the bottom of the water like
shuffling along cuz they're actually not
using all of their hearts they shut them
down so that they can kind of conserve
energy and not have to like eat as much
food and stuff like that but interesting
fact about octopus is thanks for
listening